Document causes of automated reboots and MCO pause behavior (#27118)
openshift/openshift-docs: architecture/control-plane.adoc

include::modules/update-service-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::modules/understanding-machine-config-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

.Additional information

> For information on pausing control plane rebooting after the Machine Congig Operator makes changes to the machine config, see xref:../support/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-operator-issues.adoc#troubleshooting-disabling-autoreboot-mco_troubleshooting-operator-issues[Disabling Machine Config Operator from automatically rebooting].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on temporarily preventing the control plane machines from rebooting after the Machine Congig Operator makes changes to the machine config, see xref:../support/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-operator-issues.adoc#troubleshooting-disabling-autoreboot-mco_troubleshooting-operator-issues[Disabling Machine Config Operator from automatically rebooting].
```
I am not sure that the current phrase will translate well, so maybe something like this would be better?

Author: @kalexand-rh I like that, thanks. However, I might remove _temporary_, as the procedure is permanent until you actively revert the parameter.
